Vice President
Are you really sure you want to do this?
What if I took down Fuji Group just for him?
This is the only guarantee I give him
Oh, by the way, let's check again who went to my sister's mother's house last night
I'd like to see who it is
Even my people are moved. It's Nan Nan
Find a private investigator
Don't use us
Vice President, what do you mean?
You can do so many things and still hide yourself
I can't think of anyone else but him.
Clever
I just didn't expect him to target my sister so early
The person who hurt his sister
I'm going to make them pay
Sister, I knew I was wrong this time.
I won't lie to you again.
And I have
Let's get a divorce.
Why sister
But I remember you clearly told me that you wouldn't want me
So what you said is a lie.
We are working together
Now I, as Party A, have the right to terminate the cooperation.
I'll call you pennies for the money
We won't have anything to do with each other